/* 11-17-2022
FreeCodeCamp - javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript
var a;
a = 5;
var b;
//when you want to assign a's value to b, you do b=a, not a=b. 
*/

/* from 11-17-2022 to 11-28-2022
I don't really post every day while I'm learning, so I'm like making big scoops here haha. 

FreeCodeCamp - javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript
  
  Comment Your JavaScript Code
  Try creating one of each type of comment.
     // hello world
    /* hello world */

  Declare JavaScript Variables
  Use the var keyword to create a variable called myName.
  var myName;
 
  Storing Values with the Assignment Operator
  Assign the value 7 to variable a.
  // Setup
  var a;
  // Only change code below this line
  var a = 7;  
  
  Assigning the Value of One Variable to Another
  Assign the contents of a to variable b.
  // Setup
  var a;
  a = 7;
  var b;
  // Only change code below this line
  b = a;
  
  //in mathematics, if a=b, b=a. but in programming, it's different. = is used when assigning. 
  //so if we want to assign a's value to b, then we got to use it like b=a. 
  
  Initializing Variables with the Assignment Operator
  Define a variable a with var and initialize it to a value of 9. 
  var a = 9;
 
  Declare String Variables
  Create two new string variables: myFirstName and myLastName and assign them the values of 
  your first and last name, respectively.
  var myFirstName = "Sangwan"
  var myLastName = "Kim"

  Understanding Uninitialized Variables
  Initialize the three variables a, b, and c with 5, 10, and "I am a" 
  respectively so that they will not be undefined.
  // Only change code below this line
  var a = 5;
  var b = 10;
  var c = "I am a";
  // Only change code above this line
  a = a + 1;
  b = b + 5;
  c = c + " String!";
  
  /*
  Let's say you declare a variable but not assign anything.
  And then do calculation with it, see what happens: 
  var a;
  a = a+1; 
  then you get NaN, which is "Not a Number". That's the point of this problem. 
  */
  
  Understanding Case Sensitivity in Variables
  In JavaScript all variables and function names are case sensitive.
  
  Modify the existing declarations and assignments so their names use camelCase.
  Do not create any new variables.
  // Variable declarations
  var studlyCapVar;
  var properCamelCase;
  var titleCaseOver;
  // Variable assignments
  studlyCapVar = 10;
  properCamelCase = "A String";
  titleCaseOver = 9000;
  
  Explore Differences Between the var and let Keywords
  var camper = "James";
  var camper = "David";
  console.log(camper);
  
  This above should make an error but doesn't. It can be problematic when making an app. 
  So from ES6, we have let and const. 
  if it's overrriden let and const keywords give you an error message.  
  
  Update the code so it only uses the let keyword.
  let catName = "Oliver";
  let catSound = "Meow!";

  Declare a Read-Only Variable with the const Keyword
  Change the code so that all variables are declared using let or const. 
  Use let when you want the variable to change, and const when you want the variable 
  to remain constant. Also, rename variables declared with const to conform to common practices. 
  Do not change the strings assigned to the variables.

  const FCC = "freeCodeCamp"; // Change this line
  let fact = "is cool!"; // Change this line
  fact = "is awesome!";
  console.log(FCC, fact); // Change this line
  
  Add Two Numbers with JavaScript
  JavaScript uses the + symbol as an addition operator when placed between two numbers.
  Change the 0 so that sum will equal 20.
  const sum = 10 + 10;
  
  Subtract One Number from Another with JavaScript
  JavaScript uses the - symbol for subtraction.
  Change the 0 so the difference is 12.
  const difference = 45 - 33;
  
  Multiply Two Numbers with JavaScript
  Change the 0 so that product will equal 80.
  const product = 8 * 10;
  
  Divide One Number by Another with JavaScript
  JavaScript uses the / symbol for division.
  Change the 0 so that the quotient is equal to 2.
  
  Increment a Number with JavaScript
  You can easily increment or add one to a variable with the ++ operator.
  i++; is the equivalent of i = i + 1;
  Change the code to use the ++ operator on myVar.
  let myVar = 87;
  // Only change code below this line
  myVar++;
  
  Decrement a Number with JavaScript
  You can easily decrement or decrease a variable by one with the -- operator.
  i--; is the equivalent of i = i - 1;
  
  let myVar = 11;
  Change the code to use the -- operator on myVar.
  // Only change code below this line
  myVar--;
  
  Create Decimal Numbers with JavaScript
  Create a variable myDecimal and give it a decimal value with a fractional part (e.g. 5.7).
  const ourDecimal = 5.7;
  // Only change code below this line
  const myDecimal = 0.1;
  
  Multiply Two Decimals with JavaScript
  Change the 0.0 so that product will equal 5.0.
  const product = 2.0 * 2.5;
  
  Divide One Decimal by Another with JavaScript
  Change the 0.0 so that quotient will equal to 2.2.
  const quotient = 4.4 / 2.0; // Change this line
  
  Finding a Remainder in JavaScript
  The remainder operator % gives the remainder of the division of two numbers.
  Set remainder equal to the remainder of 11 divided by 3 using the remainder (%) operator.
  const remainder = 11 % 3;
  
  Compound Assignment With Augmented Addition
  In programming, it is common to use assignments to modify the contents of a variable. 
  Remember that everything to the right of the equals sign is evaluated first, so we can say:
  myVar = myVar + 5; to add 5 to myVar. Since this is such a common pattern, there are operators which do both 
  a mathematical operation and assignment in one step. One such operator is the += operator.

  let myVar = 1;
  myVar += 5;
  console.log(myVar);
  6 would be displayed in the console.
  
  Convert the assignments for a, b, and c to use the += operator.
  let a = 3;
  let b = 17;
  let c = 12;

  // Only change code below this line
  a += 12;
  b += 9;
  c += 7;
  
  Compound Assignment With Augmented Subtraction
  Convert the assignments for a, b, and c to use the -= operator.
  let a = 11;
  let b = 9;
  let c = 3;

  // Only change code below this line
  a -= 6;
  b -= 15;
  c -= 1;
  
  Compound Assignment With Augmented Multiplication
  Convert the assignments for a, b, and c to use the *= operator.
  let a = 5;
  let b = 12;
  let c = 4.6;

  // Only change code below this line
  a *= 5;
  b *= 3;
  c *= 10;
  
  Compound Assignment With Augmented Division
  Convert the assignments for a, b, and c to use the /= operator.
  let a = 48;
  let b = 108;
  let c = 33;
 
  // Only change code below this line
  a /= 12;
  b /= 4;
  c /= 11;
  
  Escaping Literal Quotes in Strings
  
  By trying severael times, I learned that we got to use " " quotes when declare and assign a string variable at the same time. 
  Because of that, you need to use \ and quotation marks twice if you want to save literal quotes.   
 
 For example, you want to print "Love is a game".
 then you declare and assian a string variable and escape those quotes. 
 
 let a = "\"Love is a game\"."
 console.log(a); 
  
 then you get "Love is a game".
 but if you just type a on developer tool, then you get '"Love is a game".'
 a and console.log(a) are different in value. 
 
 Use backslashes to assign a string to the myStr variable so that if you were to 
 print it to the console,   you would see:
 I am a "double quoted" string inside "double quotes".
  
 const myStr = "I am a \"double quoted\" string inside \"double quotes\"."; // Change this line 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
*/
